[opening theme music]
[light music]
Here in Cheonbugwan,
we record the position
of the stars each and every night.
We even recorded one on the day
you were born.
Want to see it?
Yes, Daddy.
[Chung laughs]
Okay. Let's go.
[laughs]
[Chung] You see.
[gasps in amazement]
[Mu-deok] My father used to study
the stars and keep records of them
as Cheonbugwan's
constellation recorder mage.
[all screaming]
[suspenseful music]
My lady!
[nanny] My lady!
[screaming continues]
Please, my lady,
you cannot leave here for anything.
If you see your father, just run away.
Please do not be caught.
[suspenseful music continues]
-[sword clanks]
-[nanny screams]
[somber music]
[child Naksu] Daddy…
[Chung shouts]
[grunting]
[shouts]
[somber music continues]
[Jin Mu] I promise
I will give you strength.
Are you willing to follow me?
[Mu-deok] The day my father was killed
by the four great families of Daeho
was the day I followed Jin Mu.
When I was cut off and abandoned
by the rest of the world
in the deep dangerous valleys
of Danhyanggok, he took me in.
-[Naksu breathing heavily]
-[upbeat music]
[sword clinks]
I don't know if I got stronger to survive
or if I survived because I was strong.
And as the world forgot about
who I was and my father,
I returned as the Shadow Assassin, Naksu.
But now Naksu is dead.
And I have returned here as Mu-deok,
along with my incompetent Young Master
who is also my unmotivated pupil.
[Jang Uk] How far do we have to go?
This has to weigh like a hundred geun.
Come on, Master,
can't you see your pupil suffering?
Ugh, I can't.
I'm too tired to go any further.
Even though I'm the one
carrying all the luggage?
I am the Young Master,
and you are Mu-deok.
Of course, you should be carrying it.
So I get to be the master
when you are whining
but you're the Young Master
when you need a servant?
Of course.
Seriously…
I had no idea that there was
a place like this outside the city.
Even echoes cannot escape
because of how rough
and brutal this place is.
The one way valley, Danhyanggok.
[inhales deeply, shouts]
[shout echoes]
My echo came back.
Oh, that's just what they call it.
The name doesn't make any sense.
Ugh, I am hungry.
[Mu-deok] Right up there is
where I used to live.
You will only eat
whatever food I provide you
and you will sleep wherever you collapse
after training hard every day.
[sniffs]
What is that? Is that chicken?
There's a chicken shop here.
Why would there be
any chicken shop up here?
-[sniffs]
-You see! It's chicken, right?
-Yeah, that smells like chicken.
-[sniffs]
Oh, it… it really is chicken.
I… I love chicken.
Ooh, how did you get up there?
[grunts]
There has to be a chicken shop, Mu-deok.
Come down. What are you doing up so high?
[Jang Uk sniffing]
Wow, wow!
[exhales excitedly]
Oh, I told you there is chicken!
I knew that there was chicken here.
Wow, this is an incredible place!
Why are all these things around here?
Mu-deok!
There's a bath in here, too!
[yelps]
Wow!
[door closes]
[exhales]
Mu-deok.
There is a ton of food we can eat, yeah.
The bath is really nice, too.
Hey, Master, if you lived
in a place like this,
why did you even try
and scare your pupil, huh?
You're so weird!
[huffs]
There's a blanket.
[Jang Uk sighs]
[chuckles]
It's so soft and comfy.
-[sighs happily]
-I didn't do any of this.
There is someone currently living here.
Mu-deok.
So, should we eat the chicken, hmm?
It looked like it'll be very delicious.
Mu-deok?
Does a man live here?
[dog growling]
[barking, growling]
[ominous music]
[howling]
-[barks]
-[gasps]
-Stop there!
-[growls]
Stay there, boy.
[exhales]
[whining]
Mm-hmm, what a good boy!
[Jang Uk] So well-trained!
Do you live here?
He is not a stray dog.
Where did your owner go?
Come on, Fluffy.
Go fetch your owner, okay?
Oh, wow, so clever! Hmm.
[sighs]
Who could it be?
Seeing as they are not trying
to hide themselves,
this can't be one of Danju's men.
[clicks tongue, exhales softly]
[Jang Uk] There's tea.
Since we are guests here,
should be fine if we have a cup, right?
-This looks great!
-You shouldn't eat or drink any of it.
We should check and see
who lives here first.
And then find somewhere else to stay.
You really have no idea?
Huh?
I mean the dog, the blooming flowers,
roasted chicken and warm tea.
I was getting the wrong idea.
Idea?
I thought for a second you're using
training as an excuse to kidnap
your Young Master
and settle down with him.
If that fluffy dog had wagged
its tail at you,
I would have thought
"Wow, Mu-deok planned all of this".
I mean, look at this place.
It's perfect for a family.
It wasn't like this
when I was here last time, okay?
It was completely empty, and it was
perfect to devote time to training,
which is why I brought you here.
Seriously, just to train?
Just to devote ourselves?
Drop it now!
Have as much poison as you want.
I hope it makes your insides explode.
Come on! I was only joking.
She had to say
she hopes my insides explode.
How stupid am I to trust that thing
to be my master and follow her here?
Oh, man!
[sighs]
[Jin] Continue to remain the Young Master…
of the Jang family
who doesn't know anything.
This place will be fine…
to live like that.
[dramatic music]
[Jin Mu] Today, the leader
of Jinyowon has called to order
the Unanimous Assembly of Daeho.
UNANIMOUS ASSEMBLY: A GATHERING
OF LEADERS OF GREAT MAGE FAMILIES
With the exception of the Jang family,
all 11 families have arrived.
Do you think my duel with Jang Uk
is important enough that they must gather?
[Sun] It is a duel between
the royal family and the mages.
The first in hundreds of years.
I am merely trying to teach
a valuable lesson to Jang Uk
for making a joke
out of myself, the Crown Prince.
But this was not a private dispute.
His Majesty ordered
the Unanimous Assembly to gather.
If they agree that this duel must happen,
officially, you two must fight.
A crack has formed in the stability
between our family and the four houses.
[tense music]
Is it true that you decided to open up
the position of Cheonbugwan's Gwanju?
Yes, it's true.
[all sigh]
This duel is merely a way to resolve
a misunderstanding
between the Crown Prince and Jang Uk.
For the Gwanju position,
I already was in discussion
to name someone other than Jang Uk.
Having it taken away
is different from giving it up.
From what I heard, Jang Uk ran away
before he even received the offer to duel.
[chuckles]
How embarrassing is this!
Even if it's entailed death,
he should fight honorably as a mage.
Do you really think
that Uk has the courage to do that?
Has not everyone here had to
endure him as their pupil at least--
-[mages murmur]
-Jang Uk thought he knew better
than all of us.
As things are, we will all be disgraced.
How about the Assembly?
Take away every single right
that Jang Uk has as a mage.
[Heo Yeom clears throat]
The decision of the Unanimous Assembly
to strip one's rights
will cut off all their energy
and their abilities.
Do you suggest we ruin
this young man's life?
But that could allow us
to stop this duel, right?
[monk] Jang Uk's gate of energy has been
closed once before by his own father.
[mage] He is right.
He's correct, isn't he?
Hasn't everyone here at least once…
taken in Jang Uk as one
of their own students. Isn't that correct?
Hmm.
How can you consider ruining the life
of someone you took on as a student
with such indifferent right now?
[all clear throat awkwardly]
Songrim has already accepted
the request for a duel.
Songrim will take on any disgrace
that may occur upon it.
So then, make sure
this is an official duel
between Songrim and the royal family.
Yes.
I heard Jang Uk mastered Ryusu
in a short amount of time.
Is there a master at Songrim
who has been training him?
Be at Songrim…
or anywhere,
Jang Uk has… no one to teach him.
[Jang Uk exhales relievedly]
Ugh, the water's so lovely.
It's so relaxing.
Maybe it's mineral water.
Mu-deok, the owner of this place
must be a very tidy person.
I don't think they will be back to--
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
She's completely passed out.
Yeah, of course, you are exhausted.
We could have taken our time,
but you insisted
that we hurry and get here.
You're not Naksu, you're Mu-deok now.
You have no energy anymore.
Hey, that's…
That's heavy.
Oh, you idiot! If it was that heavy,
you should have just asked me to carry
instead of acting so strong.
[sighs]
Ooh, this is so comfy.
I mean, I am the Young Master, you know.
And she's just my servant, yeah.
It's only right we sleep like this, yeah.
[sighs]
Seriously, this doesn't feel good.
[light music]
[sighs]
Come on!
Master, I hope you sleep well.
Ugh, so uncomfortable.
[sighs]
[thunder rumbles]
[eerie music]
[dog growls, barks]
[dog howls]
Are you saying
there's a soul shifter inside there?
[dog barking]
How very interesting!
[thunder rumbles]
[floor creaks]
She doesn't give off any evil energy.
Without your help,
I wouldn't have recognized her.
Rather than let you run wild,
it'll be better if you die in my hand.
[suspenseful music]
[Master Lee] There's a great soul
who shifted into this body.
Having entered into such a weak body,
she should have run wild by now.
How can it be that she's still fine?
The energy's gone.
Where did that energy I just sensed go?
Who are you, then?
I could ask you the same.
Get away from Mu-deok right now.
[tense music]
[exhales deeply]
[Jang Uk grunting]
[thunder rumbles]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
[yelps]
[shouts]
[breathes heavily]
[yells]
[Jang Uk groaning]
[Master Lee] This is the sword given
by the king to Cheonbugwan's Gwanju.
Who are you really?
And what would you be doing
with a girl like her?
[shouts]
Mu-deok, run!
[dramatic music]
[brooding music]
[Jang Uk sighs]
[Jang Uk] Oh, you're up now.
Who are…
Oh, he's the man from last night. Hmm.
Man from last night?
You saw him. Don't you remember?
[Jang Uk shouts] Mu-deok, run!
[groans]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[soft music]
[Mater Lee] I'm sorry for last night.
After I saw that
someone was inside my hut,
and you suddenly drew your sword,
I didn't have much choice.
I was startled too when I saw you.
I need more training.
I can't control the energy in my arm.
I had no intention of harming you, sir.
Did you both…
fight each other?
You really don't remember
anything that happened last night?
No.
Last night, you stood right there
and watched the two of us fight.
Did I see that?
[Jang Uk] Mm-hmm.
You must've been sleepwalking.
I'll go find some medicinal herbs
that I can brew into a tea for you.
Are you an herbalist, then?
Oh, nothing like that.
He says he came out here to pick
the medicinal herbs
that grow in Danhyanggok.
You can call me Master Lee.
There's plenty of food
and enough space for all of us here,
so feel free to make yourselves at home.
[dog barking]
-[Master Lee] Sapsali.
-[dog whining]
[Jang Uk] Do you really not remember?
[Mu-deok] Was I really sleepwalking?
I swear I fell asleep on…
There's something
very special about that soul shifter.
It's incredible that
there's such a great soul
dwelling in such a small body.
[Jang Uk] I moved you because
I thought you had been uncomfortable.
-[Mu-deok] You moved me, Young Master?
-I should keep an eye on her
a little longer.
You don't need to lie to me.
I'm serious. I moved you
because I was worried about you, okay?
How do you two know each other?
Are you married?
-Not at all.
[Mu-deok] No way
you moved me, Young Master.
I can at least remember that much.
[Jang Uk] Is there a reason
that I would lie to you?
-I really did move…
-[Mu-deok] You're lying constantly,
-Young Master.
-Definitely married!
-I said we are not.
[Mu-deok] So then, did you win last night?
No, I lost real bad. But…
this guy's just so strong.
-That man is--
-Oh, what a good job! I just knew it.
[Jang Uk] Huh?
They even gathered the Unanimous Assembly.
It's getting out of hand.
Do you think they're…
Uk and Mu-deok are doing all right?
Since they went to Sari Village,
Mu-deok must be happy
going back to her hometown.
Why would Mu-deok be happy?
She can't even see you.
-See me?
-Oh, you moron!
-Mu-deok is absolutely in love with you.
-[coughs]
-[door opens]
-No, not true!
She only said that to help Uk.
Oh, okay, sure then.
I heard from some other girls
that Master Uk has run away.
Hey, hey! How can you say that?
He has briefly fled to take refuge.
How's that different from what I said?
So, did he go to Danhyanggok with Mu-deok?
-Danhyanggok?
-[Ju-wol] Yes.
A while back, she shot up fireworks there,
saying that the Young Master
ordered her to do it.
I remember that.
I could see them from inside the city.
I figured that must be where they went
since it's only half-a-day's journey.
-That right?
-Mm-mm.
Mu-deok took him over
to her hometown in Sari Village.
Oh, Sari Village.
You cannot tell anyone
that Uk is there now.
Yes, of course not.
Please enjoy.
So, Mu-deok went to Danhyanggok, then?
-It's pretty dangerous.
-[door closes]
That's where you used to
keep your pet bird. Isn't that right?
You hurt your leg out there
and worried everyone.
Yeah, it was Danhyanggok.
I had almost forgotten about that place.
[somber music]
[Master Lee] The fire is going out.
Judging by his strength, his body must be
filled with a lot of energy.
Jipsu has definitely been mastered.
JIPSU: THE STAGE OF GATHERING ENERGY
USING SPELLS
Jipsu, huh?
That means he's as strong as I am.
No wonder I had
such a hard time fighting him.
[thrilling music]
[Mu-deok] He's using
his energy to control the fire.
That man…
is above Ryusu.
RYUSU: THE STAGE OF EMITTING
ENERGY FROM THE BODY
Ryusu? Oh!
He's a lot stronger than me.
That was a close call, then.
[Master Lee]
Hmm, the rain made them all wet.
That's Chisu.
To be able to dry those clothes so easily,
he must be a master
even among the higher levels of Chisu.
Higher levels of Chisu?
I could have died, then.
Very good. Nice and dry.
Oh.
[Jang Uk clears throat]
[Master Lee] Do not drink that tea!
Did you drink this entire pot?
Yes.
You're okay? Do you feel unwell?
Um… uh…
-Are these poisonous herbs?
-Huh?
[Master Lee] No, they're not poisonous.
They're chaste herbs.
Chaste herbs?
These are chaste herbs?
So then earlier, when you said you were
looking for herbs native to Danhyanggok,
were you speaking of chaste herbs?
[stutters]
What?
So, you know about chaste herbs, then?
Only that there are some mages
who drink tea made from it
to lower their libido
so it doesn't distract them
from focusing on their spells.
Lower their libido? What do you mean?
One of the five desires
of humanity, sexual desire.
S-Sexual desire?
[gasps]
[groans]
Chaste herbs cut off…
the energy that causes
sexual desires that consume us.
[exhales in disbelief]
I've heard of a mage
who was able to achieve such high levels
by cutting off his libido
to master a variety of spells.
People say he only wears thin clothes
made from hemp all year round.
So, many would call him "Hemp Master Lee".
For someone who's a mere servant,
you sure know about a lot of things.
It is such an honor to meet a mage
who has mastered many high level spells.
I'm honored to meet you, Hemp Master Lee.
[chuckles]
[epic music]
[Mu-deok] Young Master.
What are you doing?
Aren't you going to pay your respects?
[whimsical music]
Does this… mean
my libido has been cut off?
No.
No, no!
No, no, no!
No, no, this cannot be!
You have to help me!
Drinking a single pot of tea
isn't enough to cut it off.
Are you sure of that?
You need to tell me the truth!
[Master Lee] It's the truth.
If you're so worried,
I can make you a tonic
that will return all of your vigor.
[relieved sigh]
Thank you so much. Thank you so much, sir!
[Mu-deok] Master Lee.
Could you please help
my Young Master here?
He's really been struggling
to control the energy
that is focused on his right arm.
Master Lee, could you please
teach him how to control this energy?
Teaching him wouldn't be difficult at all,
but if you do wish to learn from me,
you must do everything that I say.
Could you do that?
[Mu-deok] He's willing to do anything.
Yeah, right?
W-W-W-What…
will you need me to do?
As I have,
you must drink lots of chaste tea.
[gasps]
Can you cut off…
your libido?
Did you really drink all this tea?
Yes.
You can do it?
[mumbles]
Who cares if he is some renowned mage?
He's stuck in the mountains all alone
without a pupil for a good reason.
His training method would
definitely speed things up.
If you study under him, you'll learn
how to control that energy much quicker.
No. He wants me to keep drinking
that chaste herb tea, and that's insane.
I'm… I'm already highly disturbed
that I drank that pot yesterday.
I wonder if just
one bowl of tonic will be enough.
It's not entirely a bad idea to try it.
For someone who has nothing else to lose,
by cutting off their sex drive,
it's not a bad method to train with.
[exhales softly]
[bowl clanks]
So that person you just spoke of,
are you referring to
your Young Master right now?
Mu-deok, do you mean me?
Look me in the eye!
Yeah! So?
Just think about it.
This could be your only chance.
You're incredibly lucky
to have met a master like him.
[scoffs]
Cut off your libido for a bit,
and get rid of this.
Ugh! Don't talk lightly
about cutting off my libido.
Impotence is a small sacrifice
to be great.
Look here! L-Look here!
You're saying it doesn't matter
if it's cut off permanently, right?
Don't obsess over your useless sex drive.
Useless or not, it's mine,
and it's very precious to me, okay?
Hey, hey!
Hey, Mu-deok, are you doing all right?
I didn't… What just happened?
Ryusu.
That energy within you trickled out,
and you just used that power.
If even a small amount
of power is this strong,
I would have died if you weren't
wearing a binding bracelet
and had used your full force.
[Mu-deok laughs]
Hey, you… you are bleeding.
Tell me, have you lost your mind?
-Are you happy you almost died?
-Mm-hmm.
I am. My pupil is getting much stronger.
At the moment, it may seem to be
an insignificant drop of water,
but soon, it will be a stream,
and then a great river,
until finally, you'll have power
as vast as Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
And I'll be able to regain my power.
You should wipe the blood off your face
before it fills up Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
[chuckles]
It must hurt. Geez.
I can hardly feel it.
Stop acting tough, okay?
Year one of Go Sun.
[Jin] The first day of April.
GO SUN, YEAR ONE
FIRST DAY OF APRIL
[Gang] The night that child was born,
The King's Star was in the sky.
No one else can know
that the star ever appeared.
But Cheonbugwan will have a record of it.
I have already stolen the plate
that recorded the stars that night.
The one in Cheonbugwan…
is a fake without the King's Star.
The truth behind that child's birth
must never become known.
Do you see any interesting stars in there?
That's the day Lady Do-hwa died,
the same day that Jang Uk was born.
So, the Unanimous Assembly…
all the mages of the noble families
had to gather together
because of little me?
[Jin] Have you not considered…
starting your own family line?
You could receive everyone's vote.
You want the opportunity to become
a member of the Assembly, too, don't you?
[laughs]
I'm a member of the Jin family.
Jinyowon is my family.
What brings you
all the way to Cheonbugwan?
The soul shifter found was a constellation
recorder mage of Cheonbugwan.
We ask for your cooperation
so that the mages of Jeongjingak
can come and investigate.
What do you intend to investigate?
[Jin chuckles]
Why do you care?
You don't have something to hide, do you?
[chuckles]
What would I possibly have to hide?
They're welcome anytime.
They're here right now.
[epic music]
That mage's job was
to maintain the energy in here,
so it won't dissipate.
He was in charge of this section.
What? There's a dead body
inside Cheonbugwan right now?
The man consumed
by Eunuch Kim is in the secret room.
[ominous music]
[Seo Yul] The mage that the soul
shifted into worked here.
However, he did receive warnings
for looking at constellation plates.
My lord.
There are several people
who are listed as officials
that seem to have disappeared.
Where do you think
they could have gone off to?
Thank you for your cooperation.
Don't mention it.
I have one more request
that I'd like to ask.
I understand this is rude of me,
but I'd like to take a look
inside Cheonbugwan secret room
[tense music]
Feel free to look around.
[menacing music]
[Jin Mu] Use the underground tunnel
to remove the corpse.
[Jin] If they are hiding something,
they'll try to get rid of it quickly.
Watch and follow his men.
Go faster.
[man grunts]
[horse neighs]
We saw this wagon exiting Cheonbugwan.
Are you a mage there?
Show us your face.
We need to check and see what's inside.
[tense music]
[man shouts]
[men grunting]
[grunting continues]
-[yells]
-[horse neighs]
[all grunt]
Go after him!
[action music]
[action music fades]
[suspenseful music]
[panting]
[Dang-gu] The man I was fighting ran off.
Did the guy in the wagon flee, too?
[Seo Yul] I found this inside.
That's the Songrim's Spirit Plaque.
Were those men also from Songrim?
[tense music]
[water sloshing gently]
Since the Spirit Plaque from Songrim
was found in the wagon,
they won't be able
to raise concern for this incident.
Naksu continues to help us after she died.
[laughs]
I'm sorry for the trouble
I'd caused, Assistant Gwanju.
[groans]
You devoured a person's energy
in the middle of the market?
Did you think because I shifted
your useless little soul,
you could do whatever you liked?
[in strained voice]
Forgive me, please!
[groans]
[pants, wheezes]
This is for Her Majesty.
Deliver this as carefully
as you always have.
I will make sure
Her Majesty receives it right away.
We'll have to discard him soon.
Go and find me another suitable eunuch.
And then I will shift
your soul into his body.
Shift my soul into the body of a eunuch?
[chuckles softly]
What? A eunuch's not your liking?
If that is your will, Danju,
I will do as you say.
Are you still safely carrying
the Soul Ejector, Gil-ju?
Yes.
I wanted to refrain from shifting souls
because of Songrim's been around.
But it seems that I have no choice
if I'm to properly serve Her Majesty.
[Heo Yeom] Because an item from Songrim
was found in that wagon,
coming out of Cheonbugwan,
we can't ask them about any of it.
[clicks tongue]
Find out whose Spirit Plaque
this belongs to.
Actually, Uk recently lost
his Spirit Plaque, didn't he?
Hey, judging by that burn mark,
I think that's his Plaque.
This is Uk's you said?
Uk, that little-- Huh?
Even when he's gone,
he's still causing trouble.
I want the two of you to go and find Uk
to ask him exactly where
and how he lost this.
Fast as you can.
-Yes, my lord.
-My lord.
[dramatic music]
[laughs softly]
[door opens]
This is from Jin Mu,
the Assistant Gwanju of Cheonbugwan.
What is it that the Assistant Gwanju
always sends you, my Queen?
He's been sending over medicinal herbs
that I take for my health.
[chuckles]
He's much more thoughtful
than what you would expect.
[Queen] Hmm.
[Jang Uk] Oh, Mu-deok.
Master Lee's going to pick some herbs,
so I'm going to go with him.
So, what about your training?
I need to earn my keep
before staying here.
See you later, okay?
-Shall we go?
-[Master Lee] Mm.
[Jang Uk] Is the view really that special?
-[Master Lee] It's magnificent.
-Wow, I can't wait to see it, then.
[scoffs]
[knife clacking]
[Jang Uk] Wow, Master Lee,
you're so very talented.
I just buy what I need
and then I put it all together.
-Hold it right there.
-Oh!
-Like this?
-Mm-hmm.
[Jang Uk] Oh!
[Jang Uk huffs]
-It's great!
-Mm.
Today, we're setting off for a place
with a ton of mandarin fish.
Mandarin fish? We should gather
ingredients to make fish stew.
[Master Lee] Can you cook that?
No, you have to teach me,
Master Lee. [laughs]
What a little traitor!
[Jang Uk] It is too salty. Huh.
Uh, Mu-deok, come and taste this.
Young Master, please, is this fun for you?
-What do you think you're doing right now?
-[chuckles]
It's just a lot that I can learn
from Master Lee right now.
Who told you to learn that?
If you wish to learn from him,
do it right and drink the herbs.
That is… Mu-deok, I think
living in the mountains fits me.
Thank you for taking me here,
to such a peaceful place like this.
Then you're not worried about…
what's going to happen
with your duel with the Crown Prince?
If you're so worried,
why don't you go and find out?
[Jang Uk slurps]
It's a bit salty.
Come on!
Damn!
Stop!
[grunts]
Hey!
Mu-deok, just put it down.
Don't you dare throw that
at your Young Master.
I said I would kill you
if you ever became useless.
How are you going to kill me?
I'm a mage who's mastered Jipsu,
and you are just Mu-deok.
Don't act like you're still Naksu, okay?
Stop that! Damn! You just threw it.
You and I have no room
for peace and serenity in our worlds.
I will destroy it.
What's wrong?
I'm finally at peace.
Why can't you just let me have that?
Can you seriously tell me you enjoy that?
I do.
I enjoy living here.
You're free to leave now.
I genuinely like living this way.
But if you don't, Master,
then, you can go.
You asshole.
You know that I have to hold on to you.
But now you're handing me a knife
and telling me to cut the rope?
You coward.
[sighs]
Damn!
[ominous music]
[birds chirp]
I have found a way for Uk
to avoid dueling the Crown Prince
and still become Cheonbugwan's Gwanju.
What is it? We will do anything.
Let us have Uk
marry my daughter, Cho-yeon.
Oh.
We own the plaque
of the Unanimous Assembly
which allows us to reject
even the King's orders.
If all the mages in Daeho
unanimously vote for it,
we even have the power
to dethrone the King.
This plaque was granted to us
to ensure that the rare
and dangerous spirits inside Jinyowon
cannot be removed recklessly.
Are you offering…
to go against His Majesty
not letting Uk become the Gwanju
by using your family's plaque?
Only if he is my son-in-law,
and a member of the Jin family.
[sighs]
But Young Lady Jin
and Young Master Jang have already once…
called off their engagement.
Are you all right with that?
Our engagement wasn't broken
because of my heart.
I still wish to get married to him.
Oh.
For him to get married so suddenly,
I'm not sure
if he's ready for marriage right now.
Mm.
For the son of a noble family,
you're a very good housekeeper.
I've never tried it before, but if I put
my mind to something, I'll learn fast.
I like you even more now.
I really wish
you would reconsider becoming my pupil.
I mean, have you ever had any pupil
that you've taught before, Master Lee?
[clicks tongue]
I did have one,
but he gave up on celibacy
and went and got married.
[Master Lee scoffs]
These days now, he's a physician.
-[sneezing]
-[whimsical music]
You could always change your mind
and recover your libido again.
So, please think about it.
I didn't come all this way to train.
Don't you think that fishing
and picking herbs is a waste
for what that energy
bound by your bracelet can really do?
[sighs]
-Well, I can't even control it anyways.
-[Master Lee] Really?
That arm is gonna get very uncomfortable
if you leave it like that.
Should I just cut off
the energy flow for you?
[tense music]
Then you'll be comfortable
and average like everybody else.
[dog barking]
[whining]
Seems I must go to the fortress.
Would you like to come with?
No, I'll pass for today.
I need to cook for Mu-deok.
Mu-deok's not here.
She went down the mountain earlier today.
What?
[Mu-deok] Jang Uk is a real, a real genius
and he's already mastered Ryusu.
And is preparing
in this moment for the fight.
Spread that rumor around for me, please.
Really?
But if he doesn't show up,
he'll be totally ridiculed.
[sighs]
He's not going to be at peace anymore
if he's met with humiliation.
Can you get me some chicken?
You should leave soon.
Cheonbugwan officials are here today,
since we're hosting
a very important guest.
You don't want to run into them,
especially after
the Spirit Plaque incident.
[suspenseful music]
[Gil-ju] Stop right there.
Young lady, you're Jang Uk's servant,
are you not?
Yes, can I help you?
[Gil-ju] Surely, Naksu would not have
shifted into a body like that.
You…
seen me before at the inn
by the dock, remember?
[tense music]
I can't say I'm sure.
[Mu-deok] He's suspicious of me.
I have a few questions to ask you.
Come with me to Cheonbugwan.
[Yeom-su] Follow me.
-Let go off me, hey!
-Just stay still!
What's wrong with you?
[Gil-ju] She has no blue mark.
Is she really not Naksu, then?
I swear I don't know
where Young Master Jang is.
Sire!
Your Royal Highness.
Sire, it's me.
It is me, Filthy Mu-deok.
The Filthy Mu-deok from the other day.
Yes, that's me.
Indeed, I am the one you bestowed the name
Filthy Mu-deok, too.
Please help me, Sire! I need help!
Why would I?
Your Royal Highness
is so intelligent and so strong.
Meanwhile, because my Young Master
is so dumb and miserable,
my life is now in danger.
So, please help me, Sire.
Thank you so much, Your Highness.
What is your miserable Young Master
up to these days?
Well, he cries every day.
He's absolutely terrified of you,
trembling in fear.
So, he does nothing
but hide, Your Highness.
I see that you're more than willing
to speak ill of your Master
just to please me.
I can say things that are a lot worse
if it would please
Your Highness, of course.
Filthy Mu-deok, you must think that
I am a very petty man, don't you?
Well, I am filthy
for a reason, Your Highness.
Everything you wanted to say,
but fear might make you seem petty.
Please, spill your guts out to me, Sire.
Are you offering to be
some kind of verbal outhouse?
Oh my! No!
That title would be too grand for me.
But I would be deeply honored to.
[Go Won chuckles]
I have no need for a toilet
like you to relieve my stress.
Your Highness,
although you're being so generous,
could you tell those men outside
to stop trying to drag me away?
Just one word would be enough.
[breathes deeply]
Here, take this.
That's my sachet.
SACHET: A SCENTED BAG
If it seems like
they're gonna drag you away
because of dumb Master, show them that.
Oh, goodness!
Thank you so much, Your Highness.
[sniffs]
It… smells just like cinnamon.
Hmm, why are you making a face like that?
What? You don't like it?
Oh, no! I very much love it.
-Just give it back.
-No!
I can't give it back to you
when it's already covered in my filth.
I'm grateful for
this wonderfully fragrant gift.
Since I am granting favors here,
I'll pour you a fragrant glass of wine.
[whimsical music]
It's cinnamon and ginger wine,
with plenty of cinnamon in it.
Ah, you don't like the smell of cinnamon.
Then just give it back.
Oh, no.
I like it.
[exhales deeply]
-Like it?
-It was delicious, indeed.
Have another glass.
Mu-deok probably went to Chwiseonru.
There's nowhere else for her to go.
Did she get upset and run away?
What kind of servant does that?
She's no ordinary servant.
Hmm, if she's not an ordinary servant,
what exactly is she, then?
Mu-deok is a bird's egg, you see.
Uh… one that needs embracing.
-[man 1] Hey, look at this!
-[man 2] Why? What's going on over here?
[man 3] They found the corpse
of a soul shifter.
-[man 3] Yeah.
-[man 4] What? Where, where, where?
-[man 4] There it is.
-[woman] Oh, my goodness!
-[man 5] Look at that! Look at that!
-[all exclaim]
-[woman 1] It looks horrible.
-[indistinct chattering]
[sighs in relief]
That's not a soul shifter.
It's someone whose energy
was consumed by one.
Do you know about soul shifters, then?
When soul shifters run wild,
they feed off the energy of humans.
That's why the alchemy of souls
was banned,
and why they must be killed.
[groans]
Does every soul shifter
end up running wild?
Not if they're able to master
something called Hwansu.
Is that… even possible
for a human to master?
Of course they can.
Are you interested in being my pupil
and devoting yourself to mastering Hwansu?
You are athletic and smart,
but most importantly,
you show so much promise.
I'm so very grateful for this praise.
Ah, I have no desire to be celibate.
If I was your Master,
I could teach you how to take off
that binding bracelet in an instant.
"My Master."
Just give it a try.
What are you saying now?
Please, stop that, Master Lee.
[Yeom-su] We come on behalf
of Cheonbugwan. Everyone, step away.
Oh, I can't… I'll get in trouble
if he sees me here, so bye.
[sighs]
Goodness me.
[woman 2] Look there, a rainbow.
-It's a rainbow.
-[all chatter]
-[all exclaim]
-[man 6] A rainbow! It's a rainbow.
-[woman 3] Amazing!
-[man 8] Look at that a rainbow.
[all exclaim, chatter]
Where did the wagon go?
[man 9] It was here just a minute ago.
-[man 10] Who took the wagon?
-[man 11] Where is the wagon?
[man 12] Who's responsible for this?
[barks]
[Dang-gu] Wow!
[shouts]
[voice echoing]
Wow!
Even in a place like Danhyanggok,
my echo still comes back.
Hmm.
[Dang-gu] Yes!
[Jang Uk] Hey, wait.
Mu-deok really got drunk?
So, she's been here drinking
and enjoying herself?
Mudeok almost got dragged off
to Cheonbugwan today.
However, the Crown Prince
was fortunately there to save her.
-The Crown Prince?
-[Ju-wol] Yes.
She did a great job of humoring him, too.
She knows how to flatter.
She even drank every glass of wine
that he personally offered to her.
[sighs]
Where is she?
Follow me.
[sighs]
[sniffs]
Wow, she's completely hammered.
Hey, Mu-deok, you all right?
Oh, you're here. Here's my pupil.
Yeah, your pupil has come to take you now.
My body will not move like I want it to.
I can't even keep my head up, either.
It was never this bad before,
no matter how much I would drink.
You're no longer a skilled assassin.
You're Mu-deok now.
[somber music]
[sighs]
So, this body can't even handle liquor.
[Jang Uk sighs]
I just want to give up
and live a quiet life.
But she's the last thing stopping me.
[somber music continues playing]
I thought I fell from somewhere higher up.
Looking at it now, it's not that high.
[soft music]
[groans]
I think I broke my leg.
[young Seo Yul] Please, help me.
[young Naksu] I've seen you out here
using that to call over
your bird a few times.
I'd like to try it, too.
Let me… try it.
[gasps softly]
I've come to give it back.
[wings fluttering]
[Dang-gu] Mu-deok! Mu-deok!
Mu-deok was just over… Huh!
[pants]
Wow, you really are here.
Where is Uk?
[Jang Uk] I told you not to run away.
[pants]
What?
What are you doing here, huh?
You! We went to Sari Village
but couldn't find you,
so we came here, just in case.
[laughs]
[Dang-gu] And you really are here
just like Ju-wol said.
Hey, Mu-deok, have you been well?
-Yes.
-[Jang Uk yells]
[soft music]
Wow, Mu-deok!
Wow, you must be really happy to see him.
-[Dang-gu] Oh, oh, hey, hey.
-[Seo Yul grunts]
She's wasted.
Is she drunk?
-[Mu-deok] Mm-hmm.
-[Jang Uk] She is.
You two carry her up here.
Come on! Get her!
Mu-deok said she used to come out
to Danhyanggok to pick herbs.
This is the house of a man named
Master Lee, and he's letting us stay here.
I can't believe that
Mu-deok got drunk all by herself.
[Dang-gu] Must be fun!
I didn't know
Danhyanggok had a place like this.
You know about Danhyanggok, Yul?
He came here a lot when we were young.
He would get in trouble for sneakn' out.
[Jang Uk] Yul, really!
[Dang-gu] I thought his love
for birds was insane enough.
But to come out to such
a dangerous place all on your own.
You even broke your leg out here.
I just wanted to see them.
The broken leg didn't bother me.
And I wasn't afraid of getting punished.
[chuckles softly]
I just liked seeing them a lot.
[sniffs]
[Dang-gu] Hmm, you really love birds.
Hey, Uk, what kind of tea is this?
-It has a nice smell.
-Hey, wait! Did you drink that?
Yeah. Why? Is it rare?
Of course. It was…
of course made with a very special
medicinal herb that only grows here.
-Oh, really?
-[Jang Uk] Mm.
-Hey, Yul, come on, have a cup.
-Hey, don't drink that.
Drink it! Drink!
-It smells lovely.
-[Jang Uk] Huh.
[Mu-deok groans]
That's chaste tea, isn't it?
[Dang-gu exhales] Ch-Chive?
All of your libido's are going to not--
[Jang Uk] Oh. Hmm.
-Is this chive tea?
-[Jang Uk] Yes, it's chive.
Isn't it really tasty, the tea? It's good!
It has a lot of different things in there.
Drink up! Drink up!
Ah, tasty!
Yeah! Enjoy. Enjoy. Enjoy.
[mysterious music]
A group of suspicious men
had my Spirit Plaque?
Correct.
[Seo Yul] Did you really lose
your Spirit Plaque?
Nobody stole it from you
and you didn't give it to anyone, did you?
I didn't. I lost it
when I was walking around.
Could you possibly guess
when and where you had lost it?
I can't.
We found it while
searching for the soul shifter.
It's very important to us.
[Heo Yeom] A marriage between
Jin Cho-yeon and Jang Uk?
That is a magnificent idea, huh?
But when two people get married,
it's important that
the two actually love each other.
Even if it's to solve an urgent matter,
he cannot marry someone
that he does not love.
Just look at you two babbling about love.
This is why you've never been married.
Marriage is no fantasy.
I actually know what love is.
I turned my back on my own master once
and ran towards love
like a moth to a flame.
But thinking back on it,
it was all pointless.
Move forward…
[claps]
…with the wedding.
[door opens]
[pants]
An unknown man
has broken our barrier and entered.
[suspenseful music]
[Master Lee] Heo Yeom, I'm here.
Come and greet me.
Who dares to call me by my name, huh?
[Heo Yeom] Huh?
[gasps]
Heo Yeom.
Have you been well?
My Master.
[exclaims happily]
Master.
-Master!
-[dog barks]
Oh, my Master!
-Master.
-[barking]
[Heo Yeom yelps]
-[groans]
-[barking]
Put your swords down! Put them away!
[sobs]
Master!
[light music]
[Jang Uk] Hey, Mu-deok.
I thought you were sleeping,
but then you were gone.
I looked everywhere.
Are you still pretty drunk?
I thought I could climb it
when I was drunk.
But it's too tall.
That sobered me up.
Is this that tree
with the bird's nest on top?
That's right.
I want to climb
all the way up there again.
[Jang Uk] Did you really
climb all the way up to the top?
Back when I was Naksu.
The moon would always look
so beautiful from up there.
But as Mu-deok, I can no longer see it.
I ran into one of Danju's men today.
He seemed like he knew it was me.
Did you by chance give him
my Spirit Plaque?
I tried to sell
the Spirit Plaque to go back.
But then he killed the person
who stole the Plaque thinking it was me.
If I ever get captured by those people,
just abandon me.
If it's dangerous, of course.
I'm too weak, anyway.
There is nothing really that
your pupil can do for you, Master.
[somber music]
I don't expect you to.
Mu-deok.
I think I could still climb
to the top of that tree.
[Mu-deok] There are no branches for you
to stand on when you get to the very top.
You must use your energy
to create a foothold.
You will need to master Chisu
before you could do that.
You're nowhere near that level yet.
I didn't want to do anything,
but I do wanna try to climb this tree.
You said you wanted
to see the moon from up there.
I'm the only one
who can take you to the top.
So, I'd like to try for you.
Do you want to go up there?
You have to master Chisu
in order to actually climb that high.
Do you want to go up there?
Then I'll ask this of you, Jang Uk.
Please, take me up there.
Sure.
I'll take you to the top of
wherever you want to go.
[closing theme music]
How is Uk? Is he doing well now?
Do you really know
who my biological father is?
[Dang-gu] No one expects you
to show up anyway, so…
[Master Lee] And if he takes that step,
your pupil could easily fall to his death.
Is your Young Master even aware of that?
[Jin] You meant to tell me
that when you were young,
you were good friends with Naksu.
[Seo Yul] I don't know
her real name or age.
Other than where we called the birds,
I never got to see where she lived.
[Mu-deok] This is the home
of the Jin family.
[Master Lee] They say Lady Jin's daughter
is marrying the son of a powerful family.
What do you think, Master?
Should I marry her?
[Mu-deok] I do not intend to stay
by your side only as your servant.